Complete server properties (#6011)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/server_manual/getting_started.rst

If you have print layouts defined in your project, they will be listed in the

> `GetProjectSettings` response, and they can be used by the GetPrint request to

Author: Same answer as above to format some text in Italic. Is there a better/another way ?

> `GetProjectSettings` response, and they can be used by the GetPrint request to

Reviewer: Are you sure it really renders italic? For italic, you could use \* character. From what I've seen, the single \` character renders nothing  in HTML. You can check your [html output](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS-Documentation/actions) if you want

> `GetProjectSettings` response, and they can be used by the GetPrint request to

Author: Looks like the rest of documentation use double quote instead of single quote, so I changed it with double quote.

need as this reduces the size of the WMS GetCapabilities response which leads
to faster loading times on the client side.

If you check |checkbox| :guilabel:`Use layer ids as name`, layer ids will be

> used to reference layer in `GetCapabilities` response or `GetMap LAYERS`

Author: It was to format it in Italic like the GetProjectSettings above. I fixed the typos though.

parameter. If not, layer name or short name if defined (see :ref:`vectorservermenu`)
is used.

> You can receive requested GetFeatureInfo as plain text, XML and GML. Default is XML,
> text or GML format depends the output format chosen for the GetFeatureInfo request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can receive requested GetFeatureInfo as plain text, XML and GML. The default is XML.
```

GetMap request by entering the maximum width and height into the respective
fields under :guilabel:`Maximums for GetMap request`.

You can change the :guilabel:`Quality for JPEG images` factor. The quality factor must be

> in the range 0 to 100. Specify 0 to obtain small compressed files, 100 for large
> uncompressed files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the range 0 to 100. Specify 0 for maximum compression, 100 for no compression.
```
